Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/16/index.md

### Developer tools

> - There's now a handy developer toolbar you can access by going to Tools > Web Developer > Developer Toolbar, or by pressing Ctrl-Shift-V (Cmd-Opt-V on macOS). This toolbar offers a command line interface as well as buttons for quickly accessing useful tools. The graphical command line interface _GCLI_ is easy to expand and additional commands are expected in the future. Type "help" to get a list of supported commands.

Author: ```suggestion
- There's now a handy developer toolbar you can access by going to Tools > Web Developer > Developer Toolbar, or by pressing Ctrl-Shift-V (Cmd-Opt-V on Mac OS X). This toolbar offers a command line interface as well as buttons for quickly accessing useful tools. The graphical command line interface _GCLI_ is easy to expand and additional commands are expected in the future. Type "help" to get a list of supported commands.
```

- The Web Console now displays an error count so you can quickly see how much work you have ahead of you.
- The Scratchpad now offers a list of recently opened files.

## Changes for Open Web App developers

> - Initial [Open Web App support](/en-US/docs/Web/Apps/Getting_Started) has been implemented in the desktop versions of Firefox (that is, on Windows, macOS, and Linux).

Author: ```suggestion
- Initial [Open Web App support](/en-US/docs/Web/Apps/Getting_Started) has been implemented in the desktop versions of Firefox (that is, on Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux).
```
